in this lesson,
we will cover the Oracle Horschel Box download,
and it's It's insulation.
First of all,
you would have to go to Google and type Oracle Virtual Box download and then the first link
you will see here go to download.
If your operating system is Windows,
you'll click on Windows Host.
Once you click on,
it will ask you to save the file.
I can't save the file,
but since it takes some time,
I have already saved the file previously to save some time.
This is the file execute herbal file that's been saved.
Run,
click.
Next,
Leave everything default setting.
Create a start menu entry You.
Could you believe that?
Create a shortcut on your desktop?
That's fine.
Create a shortcut in a quick lounge bore.
I don't like that and Register File Association.
You believe that networking installing the Oracle Worship box and network feature will
reset your network adapter connection temporarily.
That's fine.
Proceed 10 and stole.
Do you want to allow the following program to run since installed software years?
Would you like to install this device software from Oracle?
Yes,
if you notice quickly.
This created a quick desktop shortcut on your desktop.
It is trying to install another device software That's fine.
Click Install.
Just going to say,
Always trust anything that's coming from Oracle Corporation and just click on install.
So this week it's not gonna bother me again.
And there you go,
Oracle be impartial.
Box installation is complete.
Click start Oracle of Urschel box after the insulation.
Yes,
you could leave the check box cook finish and is Cancel this man Dairy go!
That's the first welcome page off the wardrobe box.
And that's where we have actually completed the installation off the warship box from a
hair on you could build,
create a new wardrobe machine.
And once we create a new washing machine,
we will install Lennox Santo s operating system on that washing machine.